Live: adding docs (#34642)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/live/ha.md

+++
title = "Live HA setup"
description = "Grafana Live HA setup guide"
keywords = ["Grafana", "live", "guide", "ha"]
weight = 130
+++

# Grafana Live HA setup guide

Live features in Grafana v8 designed to work with a single Grafana server instance. We aim to introduce an option for HA setup in future Grafana releases to eliminate current limitations described below.

> For Grafana v8, if you have several Grafana server instances behind a load balancer, you may come across the following limitations:

Author: come acoss looks like typo? Fixed myself applying In and 8.0 only

> For Grafana v8, if you have several Grafana server instances behind a load balancer, you may come across the following limitations:

Author: ```suggestion
In Grafana v8.0, if you have several Grafana server instances behind a load balancer, you may come across the following limitations:
```
